docs(material/core): update typography guide (#25745)
angular/components: guides/typography.md

);
```

### Typography configs and theming

> Add your typography config to the theme config definition to apply typography styles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide a typography config when defining a theme to customize typographic styles. See the [theming guide][theming-system] for details on custom themes.
```
